>> Kyle Simpson: Here's a place
where it is perpetually frustrating
that we have overloaded operators.
We tend to think that curly
braces must be scopes.
They're blocks, they're function bodies,
they must be scopes.
What's gonna happen when I define
an arrow function on line three?
>> Kyle Simpson: What is the parent
lexical scope from which that arrow
function will go up one
level to resolve the?
>> Speaker 2: Global?
>> Kyle Simpson: It is the global.
It is not the workshop object because,
guess what?
Just cuz there's curly braces around
that object doesn't make it a scope.
Objects are not scopes.
So this is a very common mistake that
people have, and there's hundreds of
questions on Stack Overflow to this
extent, where people are saying,
why is the arrow function not
getting my workshop as my content?
Well, because workshop
object's not a scope.
You have to think about an arrow
function as not having of this and
resolving it lexically.
So what is the parent scope?
There's only two scopes in this program.
The scope of the ask function,
which is an arrow, and the global scope.
There's no intervening scope in between.
>> Kyle Simpson: It is unfortunate that
we've overloaded the curly brace that
confuses us into thinking it's a scope,
but it isn't.
>> Kyle Simpson: So if you take
all of this nuance around arrow
functions and these keywords.
If you take it into account
with my former comments on,
I think arrow functions, the downside is
that arrow functions are anonymous and
so they're a bit harder to bug at times,
they don't explain themselves well.
If you take the entire context,
my perception is that the only time
you should ever use an arrow function
is when you're gonna benefit
from lexical this behavior.
Because the alternative to
lexical this behavior is a hack
like the var self equals this case.
Surely, some of you have seen code
where you did var self equals this and
then you reference the cell.
Or maybe it was called var that or
var underscore this, or whatever.
Let me just say, var self equals
this is the worst possible name
anybody ever could have come up with.
Because this keyword never, ever,
ever, under any circumstances,
points at the function itself,
it points at a context.
So if you absolutely must do
the var self equal this hack,
please do var context equals this.
Cuz that's what this keyword is,
is a context, okay?
But this arrow function
lexical this behavior
is a much better way of doing
it than a var self equals this.
And I would argue even better
than doing the function.bind.
It is a much better way because it
actually matches the mental model of
what we want.
We want the this keyword
to behave lexically here.
We don't want for the arrow function to
have some magical this behavior to it.
We want it to just adopt the this
keyword of some parent scope.
And that's what it does, so it is
the right tool designed to fix the right
problem, if you're inclined
to think correctly about it.
So whereas I've said, generally, don't use
arrow functions, if you're in a case, like
a couple slides ago with the setTimeout,
where you legitimately need lexical this,
please use the arrow function,
cuz that's the right tool for the job.
As a matter of fact, I went so
far as to write an ESLint rule,
that requires your arrow
functions to make this references,
it disallows any arrow function
that is not using lexical this.
That's extremely controversial,
I know, unlikely that very many people
are ever gonna use that ESLint rule.
But if you, like me, think that arrow
functions have that purpose and
that's what they ought to be used for,
that's a plug-in that will give you
a rule to control that behavior.
Questions.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Just to confirm.
Going back one slide, so when we’re,
when we would be parsing this,
workshop is going into the red bucket,
it’s getting the global scope.
The teacher property,
though, would be scoped to-
>> Kyle Simpson: Properties aren't scoped,
properties aren't lexical identifiers.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, got you.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's
a member on an object value.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's not participating
in lexical scope at all.
My one and only exception to the don't use
arrow functions because they're anonymous,
is use arrow functions when you
can benefit from the lexical this.
I will however say,
that if you gonna use an arrow function to
get your lexical this, you need to combat
those three downsides that we talked
about with anonymous function.
You need to combat the downside that,
anonymous functions don't
have a self reference, in case you
need to do recursion or unbinding.
You need to combat the fact
that they don't have a name.
Use it in some way so that it's
gonna get a name inference, like,
assign it to a variable or a property.
Because it's gonna show up
as anonymous otherwise.
And you need to have some way of making
it clear and obvious to the reader.
What is the purpose of this function?
Don't make them read the function
body to figure that out.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
now we've talked about the this keyword.
We've seen all of its different angles,
and what I'm thrilled about actually is
that the arrow function is not
a different rule for the this keyword.
I was afraid when they were adding arrow
functions that we were gonna have to amend
these rules, and have a fifth rule to keep
floating in our head, but it's not a rule
at all because the this keyword doesn't
even apply instead of arrow functions.
The only thing you ever need to do to
understand the this keyword is look for
the call site of a function that
defines the this keyword, and
ask those four rules.